Peter Gutmann has writen an excellent 374 page manual for Cryptlib.

This manual provides code examples in C, Java, Python and other
languages and detailed descriptions of the cryptlib security
architecture, including the explanation of its High-, Medium-
and Low-level interface. All information needed to add security
services to existing applications is easily accessible with this
manual.

The manual has a very liberal copyright notice, that allows commercial
use under the condition that the manual isn't distributed for a fee.


Unfortunately, due to this use restriction it cannot be included in 
the Fedora distribution.

But the good news is, that you can download this excellent manual as a
PDF file from Peter's web page.

http://www.cypherpunks.to/~peter/manual.pdf

If you refer to the numerous code examples, you will be able to use
cryptlib in your own (commercial) projects quite easily.

As the manual is part of the documentation that is required to mention
the contributions of other people to the source code of Cryptlib, I'll
quote the Acknowledgement in full here:

<quote>
Acknowledgements

Alexey Kirichenko provided information on NtQuerySystemInfo for randomness-
gathering under WinNT/Win2K to avoid the need to access the buggy Windows
registry performance counters.

Brian Gladman wrote the AES code.

Chris Wedgwood and Paul Kendall helped write the Unix random data gathering
routines.

endergone Zwiebeltüte helped debug the SSL/TLS implementation.

Eric Young and the OpenSSL team wrote the conventional encryption and hashing
code and bignum library.

Jean-Loup Gailly and Mark Adler wrote the zlib compression code.

Joerg Plate did the Amiga port.

Markus F.X.J. Oberhumer did the 32-bit DOS port.

Matt Thomlinson and Blake Coverett helped fix up and debug the Win32 random
data gathering routines.

Matthijs van Duin, Sascha Kratky, and Jeff Lamarche did the Macintosh Classic port.

Nathan Hammond did the MVS port.

Osma Ahvenlampi did the PPC BeOS port.

Sami Tolvanen implemented the cryptlib GUI interface.

Sriram Ramachandran did the Cygwin port.

Steve Landers provided the Tcl bindings, with financial support from Eolas
Technologies.

Stuart Woolford and Mario Korva did the OS/2 port.

Thomas Pornin did the ECDSA and ECDH code.

Trevor Perrin did the C#, Java, and Python bindings.

Wolfgang Gothier did the Delphi and Visual Basic bindings and tracked down a
number of really obscure probl^H^H^H^H^Hundocumented features.

</quote>


Ralf Senderek

